hello and welcome to miweek I mean
technically may week starts tomorrow I'm
starting it today like okay exams
finished this morning exciting and you
are going before formal to celebrate the
intimate sounds and just it's like
really nice because it's like the last
formal time it's gonna be kicking off a
week with a good start oh I've got water
down my dress should I also blame
everyone else queueing I'm running late
so it basically the fire alarm just went
off noise do my makeup and I was a hobby
for my makeup to college because someone
will see clearly a burnt tear somewhere
in the block anyway no I'm spot where
you going I'm so excited I don't even
know what the menu ends but I'm just off
it's just such a great time to be alive
isn't it really
[Music]
I only own two here's the starter
probably the sneakiest clip I've ever
had to film to avoid the eyes of the
butler dessert was cheesecake I actually
don't like cheesecake so I gave mine
away but apparently it tasted good
making sure we weren't like
petty a just let him sit down drinks and
often that when they told me an elective
ballgowns that's my shoulders
[Music]
that's what happenes bombers go Paige
got bad how much she don't give in to
peer pressure peeps the wine I had was
plenty enough thank you very much
amazing
got to love my friends
I always said the people watching he's
Tom he's Tom is the best why are we
advertising Durham Univ doors throws the
bad guy I'm so glad that my so the
Cambridge versus Durham banter continued
I won't bore you with it
but it was lots of fun
honestly the people providing quality
entertainment as always he loves the
camera but does the camera love him okay
so I'm now going to bed we've been in
the gym for a fair while this evening
the time is Oh God
it's near half past one we didn't go out
because like he needs to go out when you
have fun times in the kitchen notice a
I mean kitchen
it's just what we call the kitchens and
our staircases I'm not sure I've made
that clear before but I just said the
chip is the kitchen yeah I just got to
go to bed I mean I have could have a
line tomorrow to catch up on sleep and
then obviously I'm going to be a bummer
because bumps is happening everyday this
week at 1:45 so go make sure in there
fact and yeah it's gonna be a fun week
I've got things by guy to really make
sure I'm organized concern I've got lots
of things I want to fit into me weekend
I need to make the most of the rest of
my time here good morning
so it is Thursday morning and or about
set off to go bump another career I have
confidence in the boat today that we are
going to do really well I'm such a
confident so if we fall to that I'm
gonna be at the boathouse anyone just
over 10 minutes time that's fine is like
it's a sake lees I've had a massive line
this morning because I need to catch up
on sleep like exams have left me
sleep-deprived and exhausted and it's
been just so nice having a long lying
loved it so now I'm up it's half twelve
now and today is gonna be like after
I've come back from bumps gonna be more
of a get myself organized kind of days I
stink ladies tie up like laundry for
what I need to do I need to get stuff
for Father's Day and post it I need to
tidy my room like seriously it's a hit
file what by the way things and whatnot
oh I need to edit video
do ya still be doing today be a nice
chill afternoon hopefully doing that
we'll see ya I'm gonna get going so I
don't wanna be late
boathouse there wish me luck thank you
very much - William Connelly who has let
me use his footage of my rowing race I'm
coaxing the boat referred to as Jesus in
this video and for context we had
crashed into the bank and the race the
day before I think we were perfectly
straight just saying
and we read over and like I know this
sounds bad it's on the clocks but I've
exhausted like all that shouting is
exhausting and like I know now like
better calls to make tomorrow to make
them go faster I feel I feel good for
tomorrow
now I also forgot to mention that I
sustained a bong injury it might be like
what's a bong injury well at the start
of bumps I haven't even explained bumps
I need to explain bumps oh my god I
forgot about this okay that's just
okay so bumps it's a rowing race that we
have on the river can you have multiple
divisions basically your boats line up
along the river and a big cannon goes
off and you all have to grow as fast as
you can to try and like bump into the
boat in front of you and a bump counts
as like overlap between the two boats or
boat or boat contact or a complete
overtake yeah and when you bump each
other on one day a boat pops another
boat they switch positions in the
starting lineup
in the next day and you have four days
of it
and yeah so I've been doing it this week
obviously I had day 2 today yesterday we
were bumped sad times but today we rode
over which means we weren't bumped but
we didn't bump anyone else we maintain
our position in the start order which is
fine
and we were so close to bumping today
like literally a quarter length behind
the boat may or may be in a lot maybe a
half length behind the boat in front I
think yeah we were definitely a half
length behind them so close uh anyway I
have sustained a bung injury though and
basically at the start the cooks is have
to hold out like with their hand a bung
to like hold our positions that everyone
spaced out evenly on the river like but
when you start
I let like my safety loop of bung go so
that when they're pushing it out I need
like have my arm yanked all out and I
was choking on so hard it's like the
chain could have moved in my hand like I
don't know you can see probably gross
I'm not gonna try and focus that but
I've sustained bone injury on my hand
like it's a little bit sore and skin's
been pulled up yeah so we're not gonna
repeat that tomorrow we need better bong
holding technique my ass call of the cod
the Cork's is for a bit of advice where
but yeah I need to have a drink because
my sura is actually gone and maybe a
coffee sweet as well looking back for
the JCR after watching a girl slash I
wasn't watching here everyone else was I
was editing on my laptop cause it's more
fun for me I'm extremely tired I haven't
felt it's tied in a little while even
though I've had exams going but I've
never felt like I don't know so I'm
gonna go and you guessed it I'm at the
boathouse for the third day of raring
races our boat is set up on the bank
down there
the crew was feeling particularly
determined today since the thought of
running the whole bumps course again
like we've done the day before was not
appealing
the quicker you bump into the boat in
front the least distance you have to row
here we were parked in our start
position and it was all pretty tense
and here we are post race we bumped the
crew in front of course only disasters a
caught on camera so there's actually no
footage of the success but I'm gonna
victory called for a crew photo so here
you have it
Jesus m4 maze 2k 18
oh that was beyond exciting that was
beyond exciting I'll say good we're bums
holy yeah yeah and yeah so you want more
dead bombs left tomorrow
it's just tomorrow now and the crew with
our chasing has been bonked every day
and hopefully if we drop them today
they'll get spoons which is when you're
bombed every day which starts to be down
but it's quite funny say yeah and if
we're gone tomorrow we'll have gone up
one place overall hopefully as long as
we're not bunched tomorrow we'll love us
at least stayed in the same position as
we started that we have it but yeah so
exciting of the year we've come a long
way but emotional it's the last time
we're gonna be in this room still
like all of us but yeah it's fun I was
up doing my laundry today I have will
there behind the cover with me not he's
helping out an help
but yeah I do my laundry question so
it's over with
we do not have to think about doing
chores
look at will helping me out here I'm
teaching him laundry right now he hasn't
learnt all year but now look Will's
parents will is actually doing some
laundry it's not even mine
so impressed so can I put this in there
you can write and then don't miss the
green book is it on the right setting
oh no it's not okay now you can press
the green button
yay I'm so proud suppose you've just
heading into a music shop to find our
friends who are in here we want to go
and watch bombs this afternoon not sure
everyone is keen I want to go sit by the
river and watch the other divisions race
it should be really good so yeah gonna
go find people to see them messing
around
[Music]
so they're all being worked for in music
nerds and don't want to come to watch
varmints which is such a shame because
it's very good and it's nice to support
everyone else in Jesus he's doing bumps
so I will go without these guys if I
have to I just want to go get ice or be
on watch
they're all boring hello so I've now got
ice cream
well it's got a tiramisu coffee alright
name Jim yeah thanks
stuff and we're going to watch bumps our
friends have let us down and they don't
want to come watch I'd rather stay
inside in a music shop on a lovely day
like this what's wrong with them we
don't know we don't know but we can I
enjoy bumps and we're going to walk fast
because we want to watch the m3 division
and that starts in like 40 minutes or
something we've got to be positioned by
the gripper ready to watch them the
rivers bars we show the crews in front
the river is too far we're gonna make it
that we're in loads of built-up area at
the moment with no river in sight no
cows around yeah there are quite a few
cows by the river quite funny ok I will
see you at the Riverside we have found
the river it's behind me down there that
you can see will will point it out to
you
it's under else we're looking at a
bridge we're not too sure how to get
down there at the moment we do we will
we've come a very alternative route
today but we are we have half an hour to
get down to grassy oh my god we need to
walk fast side of the road doing okay
he's got us cross again no no no I loved
it you over safely across we've got 20
minutes we're walking through some sort
of meadows um I don't I honestly don't
think we're gonna get around I don't
even I'm trying to think on the next
bridges that we can go across that's
good yeah oh god no oh let's just get a
bit of a jog on this could be a workout
as well can't you - bonk do you know if
we just gone round back to Jesus and
then from Jesus down the river it
would've been so much quicker we were
trying to be clever and get a quick way
nightmare call straight ahead I'm not
into the exercise oh look he's looking
lost ok we need to get to it where's the
get asked a green dragon because there's
a bridge there we bridge okay we're
making progress
oh there's a bridge there's a bridge I
mean so those of you who decided to stay
in the music shop while watching this
back I hope you can see it you're
missing out just think it's making me
laugh look at this oh ok so we've
actually made it to the river
surprisingly enough just here we're
quite far down like if the finish is
only just there so we're gonna try and
walk as far as we can but the cannon is
about to go off any minute now you might
have a very long look yeah it kind of
goes off and they will start growing
pressure is we're very far away it's not
gonna be that loud here but we probably
will hear it with the alignment all of
us have a line and then after kind of
goes are they all right yeah last few
days we've been sorting right next to
panic
so loud to cut here yeah it's exciting
times okay so imagine a scene here
picture it like just a few hours ago
Jesus M for bumping Claire and for just
right here in front of me at this point
it was an epic moment that will be
remembered for years to come yeah the
Rose Emperor's were amazing I wouldn't
know nothing down to the at all
page Allah that's really I won the race
for them yeah basically yeah page
basically just shouted and operated a
little device I steered them around this
corner here what thank you thanks very
much
actually no you don't serve one o'clock
[Music]
we're gonna we're gonna wait okay so he
ended up missing most of the m3 division
but we are now sat down and I'm ready to
watch the w2 division which starts in
like 10 minutes
it's a fine spot cause we can see we'll
be down the river that way Ebola River
that way and hopefully we'll see them
Barton
fingers crossed and now I need some
water
and Jesus WTO just coming up
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I told you I reckon these guys might end
up throwing the whole on its course
probably I doubt that must be a walk
down look they've been setting up from
able close to call it's no grass now Wow
does that mean we can go on the first
court grass yes
whoa this is exciting and that's it for
now but watch out for the next
installment of the may week blogs on
Tuesday also remember to Like and
subscribe and I'll see you later bye
[Music]